♪ ♪
>> NARRATOR: Her husband is
locked up in immigrant
detention.
And her chidlren have no place
to call home.
In collaboration with the
Marshall Project
and the Pulitzer Center,
"Undocumented in the Pandemic".
>> In New Jersey, over the past
three days, deaths have doubled.
>> This morning President Trump
officially issuing
a major disaster declaration
for the Garden State.
>> And now Jersey City is an
epicenter for the virus
with cases skyrocketing there.
>> Fatalities in the pandemics
epicenter will continue to rise.
(speaking Spanish)
>> NORMA (speaking Spanish):
(line ringing)
>> RECORDING (speaking Spanish):
>> JESUS (speaking Spanish):
♪ ♪
(children clamoring)
(woman speaking Spanish)
(indistinct chatter)
(baby crying)
>> Higher, higher...
>> NORMA:
>> One, two, three, go!
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
>> There is no impediment to
people who are undocumented
coming forth for the medical
care that they need.
We have assurances that that's
the case, I hope that it is.
(reporter speaking Spanish)
>> NORMA:
(birds chirping)
>> ANDREA:
(thuds)
♪ ♪
>> WALTER:
(birds chirping)
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Mm.
♪ ♪
>> JESUS:
>> New data suggests a growing
outbreak
of coronavirus infections
among immigrants
in U.S. custody.
>> So far the government has
refused to consider
a large-scale release of
detainees.
(overlapping voices)
♪ ♪
>> NORMA:
>> I like that attitude.
Hi.
>> And you have a phone number?
>> NORMA:
>> It's room number...
>> (speaks indistinctly)
>> Okay.
(speaking Spanish indistinctly)
>> I'm gonna be here.
>> I want to be here.
Thank you. Bye.
(laughter)
The last time
that I had my own bed
was like three months ago.
>> ANDREA:
(phone ringing)
>> NORMA AND ANDREA:
>> ANDREA AND NORMA:
(birds chirping)
♪ ♪
>> NORMA AND JESUS:
>> NORMA:
♪ ♪
>> Hey, a fire!
>> A fire, a fire.
♪ ♪
>> ANDREA:
(kids speaking indistinctly)
>> Okay, David, you ready?
>> NORMA:
>> WALTER:
♪ ♪
>> (speaking Spanish)
>> (laughs)
>> Hey!
>> Papi!
>> Papi! Papi!
>> (speaks indistinctly)
(girl screaming)
>> This is my dad. (squeals)
>> We have stuff for you.
>> (speaking Spanish)
♪ ♪
>> For more on this and other
"Frontline" programs,
visit our website
at pbs.org/frontline.
♪ ♪
"Frontline's"
"Love, Life and the Virus"
and "Undocumented in the
Pandemic" are available
on Amazon Prime Video.
♪ ♪